I am holding my handbag because today I
have decided to tell you what inside my
handbag yes I'm very excited hope you
watch - alright so first things first I
have a wallet I love this wallet Jimmy
Choo wallet it's very it's cute it's
leopard print and it goes with every bag
that I carry so when I change the color
of my bag the shape of my bag style in
my bag it doesn't matter because this
wallet goes with everything
next up I have the most essential thing
in the world
looks like a lipstick could be a
lipstick it is not a lipstick it is uh
you know one of those what are the
portable charges
the next thing is who can live without
wipes I am NOT a hand sanitizer person
because I think it's really gross that
you put it in your hand and then you're
literally rubbing all the germs and
whatever dirt you have on your hand
you're just rubbing it all over your
hands whereas white will just wipe it
off
who doesn't love looking at themselves
which is why mirror
mine has my initial on it so I know its
lines it's so cute
the next thing is iPod because I need to
listen to the music in the car always
who can live without my phone love my
cover I do a lot of that and then I have
a second phone personal private
oh I just started carrying vitamin C
these days I think I tend to want one
right now but yeah okay Oh vitamin C
it's really good gives you like a burst
of energy I clip can't live without one
you need like ten in your bag because
I'm losing them constantly
so hello perfume you know I don't even
need to tell you that you need a perfume
in your bag at all times I don't have
asthma anymore
but just in case it came back oh I do
have dental floss what if you get that
thing stuck in somewhere and the
toothpick isn't working toothpick and I
also found this
they seem so shady right now god this is
when I travel because I never know which
country I'm going to be in and I always
need to switch up my SIM card and of
course I have an iPhone so I need one of
those thing things to take the spin out
whatever that thing is called Oh a
little blue book not that it's blue and
you think there'd be lots of boys
numbers in it it's just really
absolutely most essential things that a
girl can have I have two styles a tin
box and a pouch pads big pads in a pouch
like this small pads or panty liners in
a tin box like this keep your pads
pretty I am a little religious in the
sense that I like to carry my God's with
me in this little pouch so I do and I
also have two very special things one is
also an evil eye that I carry then the
most special thing to me these beads
because my cousin brother who passed
away used to
pray with this and that's it that's
what's in my handbag if you liked about
useful then don't forget to give me a
thumbs up and comment below and tell me
what's in your bag cuz now you've been
so nosey to see mine I want to see yours
don't forget to follow me on my Twitter
Instagram Google+ and Facebook and of
course don't forget to keep it stylish
even in your handbag I'll see you next
time
Devo and Judy style I have to pack my
bag again